Cosmos: change query response headers to only return latest page (#47172)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

* Added **preview** support for the optional `embeddingSource` field on entries in `vector_embedding_policy.vectorEmbeddings`, which allows the service to generate vector embeddings from the specified item paths. Requires the embedding-generation service to be enabled on the account. See [46870](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/46870)

#### Breaking Changes

> * Removed `get_last_response_headers()` from `CosmosItemPaged` and `CosmosAsyncItemPaged` changes introduced in 4.16.0b1. `get_response_headers()` now returns only the most recent page's headers instead of a list of all pages' headers, to avoid unbounded memory growth on large queries. See [PR 47172](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/47172)

Reviewer: **Migration guidance request — customer upgrade safety**

Two practical issues with the current entry that can catch 4.16.0b1 / 4.16.0b2 customers off-guard:

1. **Silent breaking change on the return type.** `get_response_headers()` shifts from `List[CaseInsensitiveDict]` to `CaseInsensitiveDict`. Any code shaped like `headers[0]['x-ms-request-charge']` will blow up at runtime with `AttributeError: 'int' object has no attribute 'lower'` (CaseInsensitiveDict tries `.lower()` on int key `0`). That error message points the customer in the wrong direction.

2. **No documented per-page migration path.** Customers who were summing per-page RU charges across all pages have no documented path forward in the current CHANGELOG — `response_hook=` is the answer but isn't mentioned.

Suggested rewrite (also tightens the dangling "...CosmosAsyncItemPaged changes introduced in 4.16.0b1" phrasing):

```suggestion
* `CosmosItemPaged.get_response_headers()` and `CosmosAsyncItemPaged.get_response_headers()` now return a single `CaseInsensitiveDict` (the latest page) instead of `List[CaseInsensitiveDict]` (introduced in 4.16.0b1); `get_last_response_headers()` has been removed. This avoids unbounded memory growth on large queries. **Migration:** code that previously accessed `headers[i]['x-ms-request-charge']` should switch to `headers['x-ms-request-charge']` for the latest page, or pass `response_hook=` to the query method to receive per-page headers as they arrive. See [PR 47172](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/47172).
```

Repro of the silent breakage on b1/b2 → b3:
```bash
$ python3 -c "from azure.core.utils import CaseInsensitiveDict; d = CaseInsensitiveDict(); d[0]"
AttributeError: 'int' object has no attribute 'lower'
```

Up to you — feel free to take, modify, or skip.
